= Ada Bundle =

This is a maintained mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1609

== Description ==

Contains all files for the new Ada mode. It also has a vim help file which you can call with

{{code|lang=vim|
:help ada.txt.
}}

Included is:

* Syntax highlight
* Auto indenting
* Tag searching
* Classic code completion
* Omni code completion
* Online help

For some functionality you need a ctags program.

Don't forget to actually activate filetype and syntax support:

{{code|lang=vim|
:filetype plugin indent on
:syntax enable
}}

The Ada mode can be be further extend with the following Scripts:

; Rainbow Parenthesis
:   vimscript#1561, https://github.com/krischik/vim-rainbow-parenthesis.git
; Numbered Backups
:   vimscript#1537, https://github.com/krischik/vim-backup.git
; nerd_comments.vim
:   vimscript#1218
; matchit.vim
:   vimscript#39
; taglist.vim
:   vimscript#273

The GNU Ada project [3] offers ready patched binary rpm's including the Ada-Mode, all the scripts mentioned above and Ada aware exuberant Ctags for easy installation.

Changes with official version, included in Vim/Neovim:

* Add support for both Rainbow Parenthesis and Rainbow Parentheses Improved plugin.
* Removed all tags commands which are now in base Vim (like jump to tag).
* Added support for Ale plugin.
* Updated help file.
* Removed support for Dec Ada compiler.
* Fixed and extended support for Vim sessions on loading GNAT project files (it is possible to enable or disable it).
* Added support for Ada 2012.
* Updated omni completion function: now it should be a bit faster and show items definitions too.
* Removed support for GNAT xref.
* Some other fixes for bugs.

If you want fully extend your experience with Vim/NeoVim as Ada IDE, I recommend to use Vim-Ada bundle: https://github.com/thindil/vim-ada

All propositions and problems about this version of vim-ada, please report here, not to the maintainers of Vim or NeoVim.

== Installation ==

Install from https://github.com/krischik/vim-ada using dein (https://github.com/Shougo/dein.vim) or similar:

{{code|lang=vim|
call dein#begin('$HOME/vimfiles/bundles')
call dein#add('krischik/vim-ada')
call dein#end()
call dein#install()
}}

== References ==

{|
|+ Ada Bundle
|-
| Vim-Script	|| https://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1609
|-
| Source	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-ada
|-
| Wiki		|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-ada/wiki
|-
| Releases	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-ada/releases
|-
| Issues	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-ada/issues
|-
| Discussions	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-ada/discussions
|}

== Comments ==

/* vim: set textwidth=0 wrap tabstop=8 shiftwidth=4 softtabstop=4 noexpandtab : */
/* vim: set filetype=mediawiki fileencoding=utf8 fileformat=unix foldmethod=marker : */
/* vim: set nospell spelllang=en_gb : */
